For our senior design project, my group has decided to work on a web game application. This game contains elements from Minesweeper and Picross. This project will consist of certain aspects such as web development and game development. These are two concepts that I am familiar with and would like to learn more about respectively. The game will include some level of user interface which is something that I am learning about right now. I believe that my classes and co-op experience has properly prepared me to take on this project.

I learned all the programming fundamentals through my classes. A class that I believe was incredibly important in my programming career is Data Structures (CS2028C). This class taught me important programming concepts such as object-oriented programming and algorithms. These are concepts that I can apply to my project since it requires high level knowledge of programming. Another class that I believe will be useful in completing this project is User Interface I (CS5167). This is a class that I am currently taking but it is something that will be helpful for this project. This is because my group’s project requires a large amount of web development and user interaction.
My co-op experiences also served me well and I have learned many things that I can apply to the completion of my project. For all my co-op rotations, I have worked for Siemens Digital Industries Software. There, I learned many things such as web development and back-end programming. I believe these are important takeaways because as I have previously stated, this project will require a great deal of web development. During my rotations, I also learned how to work within a team. My team had weekly meetings where it was very organized and small goals/deadlines were always set for us. I learned the importance of communication and organization when working in a team so these are skills that will be valuable when working with my senior design group.

I am excited to partake in working on this project because I have always been interested in web development. When my group and I were discussing what to work on, I was primarily set on creating a web application. After I graduate college, I would like to work as a front-end software engineer which motivates me to complete this project to the best of my ability. Also, I have worked with my team members before so this project makes me excited to work with them again. This is because I know my team members have the same goals as me and they will try to work on this project to the best of their ability as well. I am more than satisfied and content with what my group and I decided our project to be.
We plan to learn all the information that goes into creating this game. After we discover all the tools necessary for creating this game, we will plan the infrastructure of the code behind it. Our group will be meeting weekly to discuss the progress of the project and we will meet more frequently if needed. There will be a significant amount of testing in this game so that we can ensure the most optimal user experience when playing this game. Once we are satisfied with how the game turned out after testing and readjustments, that is when we know we are finished with the project. In our weekly group meetings, we will evaluate each other and try to seek improvements on what we are working on. 
