### Michael's Individual Capstone Assignment

<p>Our Senior Design Project is going to be a web game based on minigame called Voltorb flip. There are a lot of businesses that use websites and web pages to interact with their customers. This is why our team decided to create a web app for an advanced design project. We understand that this project may be a little difficult for the team. Our academic courses don't really prepare us for creating this kind of app. This will challenge us to step outside our comfort zone and test our abilities to adapt what we know to this project.</p>
	I will describe the experiences that classes have given me that will guide me through this project. Computer Science 1 (CS 1021C) taught me a lot of programming basics to help me with this project. Software Engineering (EECE 3093C) taught me about working as a team and some good software tools. Programming Languages (CS 3003) gave me a good understanding of functional and logic-programming. Introduction to Cloud Computing (CS 5165) which I am currently taking will give me a good sense for designing applications for the cloud. Although I do not have as experience with web applications, I believe that my experiences will allow me to quickly adapt to the task at hand.
	My first co-op experience was at Flooid (changed from PCMS while I was there). I was a quality assurance intern while I was there. During my time there, I learned to create automated test cases to assure product stability. I also learned about Agile ideologies and put them into practice. I expect to put these into practice by using them to guide my team to create a better product in a more timely and efficient manner. My latest co-op, I was at CADTalk.  There I was both a Product Technician and a Software Developer. There I customized the product for customer's individual needs and fixed defects that occurred in the product. This experience will allow me to help my team with much of the issues that will pop up.
	I am really excited to work on this project because the game we are modeling was a huge part of my childhood. I will use this knowledge to guide my team in the right direction. I am also excited for the opportunity to be able to learn web programming as I have no experience with it. I have always wanted to learn HTML and JavaScript, but I never made time for it. This project will be a great opportunity for me and my team to be able to put our experiences to the test. The project will be complete when we have a working game on our site.
	My vision for what our product should look like is a web page with a score on it and the game underneath. The game will have five pots at the bottom of the column and 5 rows of leaves making a 5x5 grid. The objective of the game will be to flip over the leaves and avoid flipping over a leaf that had a exploding(red) tangerine behind it. There will be clues on each of the pots and end of the rows that tell you the point value of the row and how many exploding tangerines are on each row. When flipping over a leaf (one square of the 5x5 grid) you will either get a red, green, orange, or gold tangerine. Red tangerines end the game. Green tangerines are worth 1, orange tangerines are worth 2 and gold tangerines will be worth 3. The points will be multiplicative, as in every time you get a tangerine, it gets multiplied to your current score. I will know when we are done when we reach this goal and whether I have done a good job is based on how much effort have put into achieving this goal and if I was able to guide my team into reaching this goal.
