### Sujay's Individual Capstone Assessment
Our senior project involves coding a website game similar to voltorbflip. We plan on doing both back-end and front-end of this. For me, most of my professional experience so far has been doing full-stack development. So for me, this is my expertise and hope I can use my experience to help our team. Our academic courses haven’t helped us prepare for a project like the one we chose, but my professional experience has. We plan on using JavaScript. Although I don’t have too much professional experience on it, I hope I can learn from this project so I can use it later on in my career.
During my time as a UC student, I’ve learned many concepts about programming and how to implement them. This has taught me how to code several different things. These things can include applications, cloud servers, database programming, and more. However, I haven’t had any classes that have taught me web programming. But, I hope I can implement everything I’ve learned so far into making my web programming easier for me and our team. That way, we can create a successful capstone project.
I’ve worked at two different companies for my Co-op rotations at UC. The first company I worked at was Siemens Digital Industries Software. At this company, I did a little bit of front end web programming in Angular, but nothing where I could say I was fluent in it. This introduced me to web programming and gave me some experience that could help me. The next company I worked at was Medpace, where my role was a software engineer. My workload was mainly full stack development. This is where I get my experience from. I learned a lot working there, from front-end, back-end, and even database programming. Working at my Co-ops will definitely help me be able to program our project and help others if needed.
My main motivation for this project is that I will be creating something from scratch. At my Co-ops, I have just worked on stuff that was already developed, so I wasn’t developing anything new, just some features here and there. I’m excited to see if I can complete this cause I always wanted to know what it takes to create a project on this scale from scratch. I want to see how it will work with multiple members creating code and see how it will all tie together. Also, I want to see what it will be like, possibly leading the team if possible. I want to try to see if that’s something I’m capable of.
My primary approach to our project will hopefully be some sort of scrum team. I hope we will set up weekly goals that each team member will have to do. Sometime in the week, we can meet and discuss what we’ve done and if we have any problems. Although scrum teams usually do something like this daily, I don’t think that will be necessary as this isn’t a project that is business dependent. I think following this approach will help our team finish our project on time and with relative ease if done correctly. I look forward to what we can achieve together.
